how is it going everyone the trout 91
here if I sound a little bit odd today
like I might have done in that last
episode it's combination of morning
voice and I I've had a little bit of a
chesty cough e colima Bobby so I might
sound a bit a bit different and I in
this episode we start off with looking
to complete our back for and uh I've
narrowed it down between Kieran
Richardson and Leighton Baines and in
general they have pretty even stats but
I decided to go with Kieran Richardson
because although he's got one less
defense and Leighton Baines it's good to
have he's got a phenomenally huge amount
of pace compared to him which is really
crucial if you got you got left and
right back so like to gallop the wing
and you do do a lot of wing play you
need someone who's quite fast then it's
always nice to have very speedy defense
especially if your center backs are not
quite as tasty as you would like so I
managed to secure my Kieran Richardson
and actually has a ton of contracts
which is another great reason why I
decided by him because leighton baines
only had about seven maximum on those
two so I decided to go with the here
Richardson that had about 50 yard
contracts which is great purchase on me
it's going to save me a lot of money in
the long run so we hop into the first
game and in this first game I'm playing
the batty boys and it's snowing
apparently Anna he really didn't have a
look in he had a pretty decent team I
think getting all know he had a decent
team I think I can't really remember it
and I told you there's gonna be a lot of
these goals where he mistakenly passes
it out to me and I'm just gonna put it
home I don't care who you are or why you
did it I'm gonna if you give me the ball
to get an easy goal then I'm going to go
and do it and I think at this part right
here he's completely is keeper hettinger
completely got scared
he just got a quick glimpse of Denver
bars package and was like right I'm not
going to anger that trouser snake that
trouser python and just let him go for
goal and then I think his centre-back
also got word of his amazing package and
decided to let him have an easy goal and
then finally I think his defense just
gave up was like yeah let's give him the
hat trick I don't want to incur his
wrath he might just actually completely
rape me sometime so I think we're just
gonna let him have the goal and then
this is what happened for the rest of
the game he actually completely gave up
on the game pretty much about 5-10
minutes from half-time he just literally
gave up on the game and uh so I was like
I'm not gonna rush my guys I'm not going
to waste my fitness so I'm just gonna
stand here and wait for the game to end
because funnily enough when you have a
situation like that you'll be surprised
how much of a difference of the puter
makes because it's actually very hard to
tackle them and I decided to try and get
my midfield complete with gold players
and i managed to i was searching through
the Senate midfielders and I've managed
to find myself a very sexy macau Arteta
which is always a lovely bonus and I I
go on a hunt for a left Miller
midfielder to complete that that middle
for and I was trying to get malouda see
if I can get it for cheap but in general
you're not going to find many mallu ders
the less than four more lesson free
grand at least and then I think one four
four four two formations or about five
grand so it's it's definitely not easy
finding someone in your formation that's
and who's like an 84 left midfielder so
that was bit of a pain but Zhukov is
very very talented his stats almost
equal that of mallu ders he's just
slightly worse in pretty much all areas
i think there might be so and i can't i
went away for a little while during this
day of recording to come back to find
all my players missing and actually
found that
in the past on my previous account some
this also happened and when I fought
right they've disappeared so i wanta
have to go back and buy them i bought a
Zhirkov and it told me i had duplicates
in my club and it turns out that i
actually they have just been sent to my
club i think if you don't if you buy
players and you don't play with them
they go straight to your club they get
put in your club for some reason which
is odd because i don't know why some of
the other ones got in there I think it's
the newest players or something it
actually happened on my regular account
i bought i managed to get a informed
Gareth Barry a Wayne Rooney a John Terry
and Frank Lampard and a Steven Gerrard
which is combined total of possibly
around 500 grand worth of players Anna I
didn't play with my Steven Gerrard when
I bought him finally to complete my my
team and I went off a turn off him my my
game and I came back on the next day to
find them had totally disappeared they
weren't in my trade pile they weren't in
my club they want anywhere to be found
so basically EA screwed me over 500
grams worth of players and great players
at that which really pissed me the
off because I had to go and get them
again if I wanted to have them and they
wouldn't reimbursed me they wouldn't fix
it or do anything about it which totally
pissed me off so that's why I decided to
buy another one but it turns out they
were sitting in my club anyway and I'm
this was a pretty interesting game it
was a greatly contesta game lots of back
and forth exchange of blows he got the
free nil advantage well to nil advantage
I gotta go back and then it was 31 and I
got the boys fired up at half time I
game the old team talk and they they did
not disappoint when it came to getting
the game back my my lads were on Form
and it's unfortunate here Kieran
Richardson had to pay the price for my
poor defending in extra time we managed
to take it to I
had to take him down he was going to
school that all day of the week so I man
I had to had to hack him down and give
him the free kick and get sent off but
in the just on the stroke of half-time
for extra time Denver bar managed to
slot 1 him a lovely lovely finish into
the top corner from outside the box to
put me into the lead but unfortunately
he does me of her very nice turn and
puts away a very nice opportunity to
level the score and a not long left in
the game now he manages to I managed to
get a corner and he clears it very
nicely and there's only mikkel Arteta at
the back and he's got Soldado so I
managed to hack him down for the red
card so I'm down to nine players and
that's how it stayed for all I hope I to
see for part 12 Celia